1.45.1 post (#660)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2020-07-30-Rust-1.45.1.md

---
layout: post
title: "Announcing Rust 1.45.1"
author: The Rust Release Team
release: true
---

The Rust team is happy to announce a new version of Rust, 1.45.1. Rust is a
programming language that is empowering everyone to build reliable and
efficient software.

If you have a previous version of Rust installed via rustup, getting Rust
1.45.1 is as easy as:

```console
rustup update stable
```

If you don't have it already, you can [get `rustup`][install] from the
appropriate page on our website, and check out the [detailed release notes for
1.45.1][notes] on GitHub.

[install]: https://www.rust-lang.org/install.html
[notes]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/RELEASES.md#version-1451-2020-07-30

## What's in 1.45.1 stable

1.45.1 contains a collection of fixes, including one soundness fix. All patches
in 1.45.1 affect only the 1.45.0 release; prior releases are not affected by the
bugs this fixes.

### Fix const propagation with references

In Rust 1.45.0, `rustc`'s const propagation pass did not look properly handle

> encountering references, which could lead to incorrect behavior.

Reviewer: look properly handle encountering?

Author: Fixed, thanks!

---
layout: post
title: "Announcing Rust 1.45.1"
author: The Rust Release Team
release: true
---

The Rust team is happy to announce a new version of Rust, 1.45.1. Rust is a
programming language that is empowering everyone to build reliable and
efficient software.

If you have a previous version of Rust installed via rustup, getting Rust
1.45.1 is as easy as:

```console
rustup update stable
```

If you don't have it already, you can [get `rustup`][install] from the
appropriate page on our website, and check out the [detailed release notes for
1.45.1][notes] on GitHub.

[install]: https://www.rust-lang.org/install.html
[notes]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/RELEASES.md#version-1451-2020-07-30

## What's in 1.45.1 stable

> 1.45.1 contains a collection of fixes, including one soundness fix. All patches
> in 1.45.1 affect only the 1.45.0 release; prior releases are not affected by the
> bugs this fixes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.45.1 contains a collection of fixes, including one soundness fix. All patches
in 1.45.1 address bugs that affect only the 1.45.0 release; prior releases are
not affected by the bugs fixed int his release.
```

### Fix const propagation with references

In Rust 1.45.0, `rustc`'s const propagation pass did not properly handle
encountering references when determining whether to propagate a given constant,

> which could lead to incorrect behavior.

Author: I feel somewhat like I *don't* want to call it out. It sounds horrible but really isn't all that bad.

> which could lead to incorrect behavior.

Reviewer 2: I suppose that's fair, though I also think that it's good to be transparent about these things.

> which could lead to incorrect behavior.

Reviewer 2: We could also mention that Cargo's failure to catch this indicates its rarity in real-world code.

> which could lead to incorrect behavior.

Author: Including a snippet about crater sounds great to me.

> which could lead to incorrect behavior.

Author: Done.
